Hi my name is Mark Hamadan.
And in case you haven't seen my other courses Here's a brief introduction about me and my story.
I started programming at the age of seven with a Commodore 64 and I totally fell in love with it.
My dream back then was to become a software engineer and build a 3D tennis game for myself to play.
So that dream affected the rest of my life.
I continue the education at the university and study Bachelor of Science in software engineering and
Master of Science network system.
Now the reality is I never became a game developer.
In fact I know nothing about games in late 90s where I was a big thing.
A lot of companies needed a website.
So I started working professionally from year 2000 and at this point in year 2015 I have 15 years of
professional experience in that industry.
In case you're wondering what my life is outside of programming I love to play with a jazz piano.
I love cooking and I love Latin dancing.
I've been dancing for a few years and I love betrothal salsa and Cha-Cha.
So if you're watching this from South America or Spain all are was.
That's pretty much all Spanish I know.
If you want to find me on social media I have a block under program with Losh dot com.
I also have a Facebook page and a YouTube channel by the same name.
You can find me on Twitter under Marsh Ramadani and my email is program with Marsh at g mail dot com
.
I hope you enjoy this course and always see you in the next lecture.